doc: Remove documentation for child/parent image (#20005)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: scripts/partition_manager/partition_manager.rst

Configuration
*************

> Each other image must define its Partition Manager configuration in a file called :file:`pm.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each additional image must define its Partition Manager configuration in a file called :file:`pm.yml`.
```

This file must be stored in the same folder as the main :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file of the other image.

.. note::

>    :file:`pm.yml` is only used for other images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :file:`pm.yml` is only used for additional images.
```

.. note::

   When using an application configured with an MCUboot image, both images use the same partition manager configuration, which means that the app and MCUboot have exactly the same partition maps.
   The accessibility at runtime of flash partitions depends on the configurations of both the application and MCUboot and the values they give to the ``DEFAULT_DRIVER_KCONFIG`` option of the partition manager region specification.

.. _pm_build_system:

Build system
************

> The build system finds the other images that have been enabled and their configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build system identifies the enabled images and their configurations.
```

For each image, the Partition Manager's CMake code infers the paths to the following files and folders from the name and from other global properties:

* The :file:`pm.yml` file
* The compiled HEX file
* The generated include folder

> After CMake finishes configuring the other images, the Partition Manager script is executed in configure time (``execute_process``) with the lists of names and paths as arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After CMake finishes configuring the additional images, the Partition Manager script is executed in configure time (``execute_process``) with the lists of names and paths as arguments.
```

  #. Otherwise, if the file :file:`pm_static_<board>.yml` exists, it will be used.
  #. Otherwise, if the file :file:`pm_static.yml` exists, it will be used.

> For builds where the image targets a different domain, partition manager uses the same search algorithm, but a domain specific configuration file is also searched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In builds where the image targets a different domain, the Partition Manager employs the same search algorithm but also looks for a domain-specific configuration file.
```

Configuring dynamic partitions
==============================

> For other images that use dynamic partition sizing, the Partition Manager allows you to use the ``CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_SIZE_<IMAGE>`` Kconfig option to adjust the partition size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional images that use dynamic partition sizing, the Partition Manager allows you to use the ``CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_SIZE_<IMAGE>`` Kconfig option to adjust the partition size.
```
